docs: update  affix to data-table doc (#126)
TuSimple/naive-ui: src/checkbox/demos/enUS/index.demo-entry.md

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | checked | `boolean` | `undefined` | Whether it is selected in the controlled state |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| checked | `boolean` | `undefined` | Whether it is selected in the controlled mode. |
```

| indeterminate | `boolean` | `false` | Whether partly selected |

> | default-checked | `boolean` | `false` | Whether selected by default |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| default-checked | `boolean` | `false` | Whether selected by default in uncontrolled mode. |
```

| disabled | `boolean` | `false` | Whether to disable. |

> | focusable | `boolean` | `true` | Whether to gather when selected. |

Reviewer 2: Whether to focus on selection

> | focusable | `boolean` | `true` | Whether to gather when selected. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| focusable | `boolean` | `true` | Whether to focus on selection. |
```

| label | `string \| (() => VNodeChild)` | `undefined` | Checkbox label |

> | value | `string \| number` | `undefined` | The value value corresponding to the label of heckbox, the Checkbox Group is commonly used |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| value | `string \| number` | `undefined` | The value of the checkbox to be used in checkbox group. |
```

> | on-update:checked | `(checked: boolean) => void` | `undefined` | Callback function triggered when checked changes |

Reviewer 2: "once changes have been checked"

> | on-update:checked | `(checked: boolean) => void` | `undefined` | Callback function triggered when checked changes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| on-update:checked | `(checked: boolean) => void` | `undefined` | Callback function triggered on checked status changes. |
```

### Checkbox Group Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | disabled | `boolean` | `false` | Whether the Checkbox Group is disabled |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| disabled | `boolean` | `false` | Whether the checkbox group is disabled |
```

> | default-value | `Array<string \| number>` | `null` | Checkbox Group default value |

Reviewer: 这块表格看起来错乱了，得改一下

> | value | `Array<string \| number> \| null` | `undefined` | Controlled data of checkbox group. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| value | `Array<string \| number> \| null` | `undefined` | Controlled value of checkbox group. |
```

> | on-update:value | `(value: string \| number)` | `undefined` | Callback when Checkbox Group controlled data changes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| on-update:value | `(value: string \| number)` | `undefined` | Callback when checkbox group's value changes. |
```

## Slots

### Checkbox Slots

| Name    | Parameters | Description                         |
| ------- | ---------- | ----------------------------------- |

> | default | `()`       | Default filling content of Checkbox |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| default | `()`       | Content of the checkbox. |
```
